[docs] Updating text about NativeAOT support for iOS-like platforms (#37847)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-8.md

- `tvos`
- `tvossimulator`

> Preliminary testing shows that app size on disk decreases by about 35% for .NET iOS apps that use Native AOT instead of Mono. App size on disk for .NET MAUI iOS apps decreases up to 50%. Additionally, the startup time is also faster. .NET iOS apps have about 28% faster startup time, while .NET MAUI iOS apps have about 50% better startup performance compared to Mono. However, since the .NET 8 support is experimental and only the first step for the feature as a whole, we urge you not to draw conclusions about performance at this point and check out the [.NET 8 Performance Improvements in .NET MAUI blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/dotnet-8-performance-improvements-in-dotnet-maui/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preliminary testing shows that app size on disk decreases by about 35% for .NET iOS apps that use Native AOT instead of Mono. App size on disk for .NET MAUI iOS apps decreases up to 50%. Additionally, the startup time is also faster. .NET iOS apps have about 28% faster startup time, while .NET MAUI iOS apps have about 50% better startup performance compared to Mono. The .NET 8 support is experimental and only the first step for the feature as a whole. For more information, see the [.NET 8 Performance Improvements in .NET MAUI blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/dotnet-8-performance-improvements-in-dotnet-maui/).
```

> Native AOT support is available as an opt-in feature intended for app deployment; Mono is still the default runtime for app development and deployment. To build and run a .NET MAUI application with Native AOT on an iOS device, use `dotnet workload install maui` to install the .NET MAUI workload and `dotnet new maui -n HelloMaui` to create the app. Then, set the MSBuild properties `PublishAot` to `true` in the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native AOT support is available as an opt-in feature intended for app deployment; Mono is still the default runtime for app development and deployment. To build and run a .NET MAUI application with Native AOT on an iOS device, use `dotnet workload install maui` to install the .NET MAUI workload and `dotnet new maui -n HelloMaui` to create the app. Then, set the MSBuild property `PublishAot` to `true` in the project file.
```

Not all iOS features are compatible with Native AOT. Similarly, not all libraries commonly used in iOS are compatible with NativeAOT. And in addition to the existing [limitations of Native AOT deployment](../deploying/native-aot/index.md#limitations-of-native-aot-deployment), the following list shows some of the other limitations when targeting iOS-like platforms:

- Using Native AOT is only enabled during app deployment (`dotnet publish`).
- Managed code debugging is only supported with Mono.

> - Compatibility with MAUI framework is limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compatibility with the .NET MAUI framework is limited.
```
